# Videos + Websites Featuring My Games
Putting this list together to keep track of them in the future :)

## Youtube playlist featuring them:
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8mvmizvPHsOVDc7f93RPcyxgXHmC7JG5

## Some Websites Featuring My Games

Eyes Cube on ArcadeSpot
https://arcadespot.com/game/eyes-cube/

Various games on Chinese coding tutorial website (Xiaohujing)
https://www.xiaohujing.com.cn/dashen?dashen=kevin_eleven_1234

Drop the Ball on Scratch Monaca tutorial site
https://52tellur.github.io/Scratch-app/

Tappy Tadpole on DommiesBlessed (Water Games list)
https://www.dommiesblessed.com/water-games-on-scratch

Captain Rocket on Scratch Coach
https://en.scratch.coach/segment/captain-rocket/

Dice Master on Steam Collection
https://www.steamcollection.com/project/105288/

Dunk Shot on Instructables
https://www.instructables.com/Making-an-Android-Mobile-App-With-Scratch-30/

Sling Drift on ScratchGames
https://scratchgames.co/sling-drift

Crossy Duck on Makey Makey Blog (Fun Fact Friday)
https://makeymakey.com/blogs/blog/fun-fact-friday-great-scratch-games-for-plug-and-play-makey-makey-fun

Ball King on ScratchGames
https://scratchgames.co/ball-king

Drop the Ball on Scratch Coach
https://en.scratch.coach/segment/drop-the-ball/

Sling Drift on someone’s portfolio (digitalthought.info)
https://digitalthought.info/austin/

Heroes in Suits on RezaScratch Blog
https://rezascratch.blogfa.com/category/2

Crossy Duck on someone else’s Itch.io page
https://gotoni.itch.io/crossyduck

Captain Rocket on Scratch Ouka
https://ouka.me/segment/captain-rocket/

Ball King on Scratch Ouka
https://ouka.me/segment/hobby/page/8/

No Internet Game on Heppocode Garage
https://www.catch.jp/heppocode-garage2/posts/2022/1/12/dino_runner/

No Internet Game on ScratchGames
https://scratchgames.co/no-internet-game

Drop the Ball 2 on CSDN
https://blog.csdn.net/llrraa2010/article/details/113805860?spm=1001.2101.3001.6650.1

My profile on PHSZ University in Switzerland (Pädagogische Hochschule Schwyz)
https://mia.phsz.ch/Informatikdidaktik/HerausragendeScratcher



